Cookie banner - update content and functionality (#2010)
ONSdigital/design-system: src/components/cookies-banner/_macro-options.md

| statementTitle             | string | false    | The title text for content for the cookie banner that prefixes the `serviceName` (default is 'Cookies on')                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| serviceName                | string | false    | The name of the service/website that follows the `statementTitle` (default is 'ons.gov.uk')                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | statementText              | string | false    | The text content for the cookie banner. HTML is allowed to create paragraphs (default is 'Cookies are small files stored on your device when you visit a website. We store some cookies that are essential to make the site work. We would like to set additional cookiesto remember your settings and understand how you use the site. This helps us to improve our services') |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| statementText              | string | false    | The text content for the cookie banner. HTML is allowed to create paragraphs. Default is: ”Cookies are small files stored on your device when you visit a website. We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We would like to set additional cookies to remember your settings and understand how you use the site. This helps us to improve our services.” |
```
